Wolf of wall street trailer
My name is Jordan Belfort.
The year I turned 26.
I made 49 millions $ which really pissed me off because it was 3 shy of a million a week.
We're making a name for ourselves.
Nobody knows if the stock is gonna go up.down. sideways or in circles.
You know what a fugazi is?
I know "fugazi". It's a fake...
Yeah. easy fugazi...
It's... fairy dust.
Was all this legal?
Absolutely not.
We were making more money than we knew what to do with.
We don't work for you. man!
My money's tapped to your boobs.Technically. you do work for me.
What's wrong. daddy?
Oh my. God...
FBI.
Any kind of booze you might want?The Bureau forbids us to drink.
- How does this works?
- There's a big money sign.
The get launch at the target.
This is their gift. okay?They're built to be thrown like a lawn dart.
One
Two
Three
Stop!
Safety first.
Safety is first.
I don't want to get a band reputation.
Come on.
Yeah